\input texinfo    @c -*- texinfo -*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename README.info
@settitle org-linkotron
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@c %**end of header

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* Org Linkotron: (org-linkotron). Activate multiple org-links at once.
@end direntry

@finalout
@titlepage
@title org-linkotron
@author Per Weijnitz
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top org-linkotron
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Version:: Version.
* Commentary:: Commentary.
* Installation:: Installation.
* Usage:: Usage.
* Notes:: Notes.
* License:: License.
@end menu

@node Version
@chapter Version:

0.9

@node Commentary
@chapter Commentary:

The purpose of this package is to provide a way to open a group of
org-links at once.  A group is defined as all org-links under a
heading/sub heading, no need to use any special layout or formatting.

The motivation is that I usually have at least a couple of sites I need
to visit for any specific task, so opening them all at once saves me time.

Links are opened via the standard org funktion @code{org-open-at-point}.

@node Installation
@chapter Installation:

Evaluate the elisp source file in some manner.  If you like quelpa,
this line would also work in your init.el:

@example
(when (not (require 'org-linkotron nil 'noerror))
  (quelpa '(org-linkotron :repo "perweij/org-linkotron" :fetcher gitlab)))
(require 'org-linkotron)
@end example

@node Usage
@chapter Usage:

In an org-file, create a heading with some links in the text
below, for example:

@example
** Some links about something
Here is a text with two links, here: [[https://www.fsf.org/][fsf]] and
here: [[https://fsfe.org/][fsfe]].

A final one: [[https://www.gnu.org/][gnu]].

** Another interesting link collection
 - [[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amiga_500][Amiga 500]]
 - [[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_64][Commodore 64]]
@end example


Now, just place the cursor on the relevant header or its text, and
invoke
@example
org-linkotron-open-group
@end example

@node Notes
@chapter Notes:

Much of the project scaffolding borrowed from alphapapa's org-super-agenda.

@node License
@chapter License:

Copyright (C) 2020, Per Weijnitz, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE@.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see @uref{https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt}

@bye
